Edit introduction page based on doc session feedback (#258)
ihmeuw/pseudopeople: docs/source/index.rst

Introduction
------------

> The University of Washington IHME Simulation Science Team is excited to introduce pseudopeople, 

Reviewer: I think we also wanted to make sure we define IHME somewhere, but I'm not sure of the best way to do it.

> The University of Washington IHME Simulation Science Team is excited to introduce pseudopeople, 

Reviewer 2: How about

```suggestion
The Simulation Science Team of the University of Washington's Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation is excited to introduce pseudopeople, 
```

the Python package that simplifies Entity Resolution (ER) research and development.
This package generates large-scale, simulated population data according to specifications by the user, 

> to replicate a range of complexities of real applications of probabilistic record linkage software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to replicate a range of complexities in real applications of probabilistic record linkage software.
```
Not sure if this is better, but when I read the existing version, it sounded weird because of too many "of"s in a row.

With sensitive data often required for ER, accessing and testing new methods and software has been a challenge - until now.
Our innovative approach creates realistic, simulated data including name, address, and date of birth, without compromising privacy.

Our work builds on the success of previous data synthesis projects, such as
FEBRL_, GeCo_, and SOG_, while leveraging the power of our simulation platform

> Vivarium_ to incorporate real, publicly accessible data about the US population.

Author: ```suggestion
Vivarium_ to imitate real, publicly accessible data about the US population.
```
How about this?

> Vivarium_ to incorporate real, publicly accessible data about the US population.

Reviewer: > I still think this "incorporate" makes it sound kind of sketchy, like it's hiding in the psp output somewhere.

What's wrong with incorporating real, publicly accessible data? That doesn't sound sketchy to me.

> Vivarium_ to incorporate real, publicly accessible data about the US population.

Reviewer: But I do think maybe we should elaborate what we mean by this if we're going to say it. Or maybe we should just say something else.

> Vivarium_ to incorporate real, publicly accessible data about the US population.

Reviewer 3: re: "sketchy," it just sounds a bit ambiguous what we actually did with that real data, and how it relates to the simulated data. The publicly accessible part _should_ alleviate concerns, but I'm not sure it completely would.

I agree about making this clearer!

> Want to know more? Please visit the `pseudopeople project website <https://www.pseudopeople.org/>`_, where you can find out more about the principles and processes underlying this work.

Reviewer: Since this sentence now comes right after the one about incorporating real, publicly accessible data, this makes it seems like we'll find more information about how that works by following the link. While that may _sort of_ be true, I think it's a bit misleading, since that's not the main point of Os's website. I think we need to add back something else in between, or at least re-work the preceding sentence.

Introduction
------------

> The Simulation Science Team of the University of Washington's Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation (IHME) 
> is excited to introduce pseudopeople, the Python package that simplifies Entity Resolution (ER) research and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Simulation Science Team of the University of Washington's Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation 
is excited to introduce pseudopeople, the Python package that simplifies entity resolution research and 
```
As far as I can see, we never use the abbreviation IHME anywhere, the only place in the docs where we use the abbreviation ER is in a single sentence below, which we could change to "entity resolution" instead. If we're not going to be using the abbreviations multiple times, it seems distracting to introduce them.

development. This package generates large-scale, simulated population data according to specifications by the user, 
to replicate a range of complexities found in real applications of probabilistic record linkage software.

> With sensitive data often required for ER, accessing and testing new methods and software has been a challenge - 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With sensitive data often required for ER, accessing and testing new methods and software has been a challenge --- 
```
This should really be an em dash instead of a hyphen.

Reviewer: But see [this other suggestion](https://github.com/ihmeuw/pseudopeople/pull/258#discussion_r1303464625) as well.

> With sensitive data often required for ER, accessing and testing new methods and software has been a challenge - 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With sensitive data often required for entity resolution, accessing and testing new methods and software has been a challenge --- 
```
Or, if we go with my suggestion of getting rid of abbreviations, we should change ER to "entity resolution" as well as changing the hyphen to a dash.

until now. Our innovative approach creates realistic, simulated data including name, address, and date of birth, 
without compromising privacy.

Our work builds on the success of previous data synthesis projects, such as FEBRL_, GeCo_, and SOG_, and 

> generates a simulated population using real, publicly accessible data about the US population, leveraging the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
generates a simulated population using real, publicly accessible data about the US population by leveraging the
```
This is just a really long sentence -- I thought maybe "by" instead of a comma would make it flow better, but I'm not totally sure.

> incorporates real, publicly accessible data about the US population into our simulated datasets with the 
> power of  our simulation platform Vivarium_.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
generates a simulated population using real, publicly accessible data about the US population, leveraging the
power of our simulation platform Vivarium_.
```

@pletale @NathanielBlairStahn how do you feel about this? Kind of building off the discussion we had in the doc session yesterday about how to describe the Vivarium simulation vs what happens in pseudopeople.
